connected-care: add some notes (#20599)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-clinic.md

3. Click the name of your target cluster. The cluster overview page is displayed, where you can view detailed information about your cluster, including:

    - Advanced Metrics

>     - Top Slow Queries (only supported when cluster version >= 8.1.1 or cluster version >= 7.5.4)
>     - TopSQL (only supported when cluster version >= 8.1.1 or cluster version >= 7.5.4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Top Slow Queries (only supported when the TiDB version of the cluster is v8.1.1 or later, or is v7.5.4 or later)
    - TopSQL (only supported when the TiDB version of the cluster is v8.1.1 or later, or is v7.5.4 or later)
```

>     - Top Slow Queries (only supported when the TiDB version of the cluster is v8.1.1 or later, or is v7.5.4 or later)
>     - TopSQL (only supported when the TiDB version of the cluster is v8.1.1 or later, or is v7.5.4 or later)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Top Slow Queries (only supported when the TiDB version of the cluster is v8.1.1 or later, v7.5.4 or later)
    - TopSQL (only supported when the TiDB version of the cluster is v8.1.1 or later, v7.5.4 or later)
```
